- Welcome to the peak, baby.
It's cuffing season here
in New Zealand.
Ten singles
and sexy reality stars
are here
looking for their next,
but they didn't realize
that their exes
were joining 'em too.
[intense music]
♪ ♪
And this week,
it's all about the love
'cause it's
Fire Week, baby,
on "Ex on the Beach:
Peak of Love."
announcer: And previously,
Georgia was waiting
for her ex to show up,
and he did...
- Hi, guys.
- Oh, my God.
announcer: As the waiter
on her date with Callum.
Check, please.
Allie and Tyranny
had a tug of war
over Georgia's ex, Niall...
announcer:
Forcing him to choose
between his next
or his other next.
- This little [bleep], Allie.
Announcer:
Nicole's ex, Laurel,
was iced out of the chalet.
- Laurel,
please say your good-byes.
You gotta leave immediately.
announcer: And
Daniel's ex, Sydney,
banished him
to the friend zone.
- Me and Sydney--
- We are exes.
announcer: And Nicole
wasted no time
marking her territory.
- Sydney,
what do you want for dinner?
[Zealyn's "Enjoy Your Holiday"
playing]
♪ Tell me what
you're waiting for ♪
♪ What you're waiting for ♪
♪ Come fade away ♪
♪ Come holiday ♪
[all screaming]
- The vibe at the chalet
when we get back
from the Ice Ceremony
is very, like, relieved.
We all kind of, like,
released our butt cheeks.
We were all, like, clenching,
like, "Please be Laurel.
Please be Laur--"
[exhales]
- Baby, you're free!
Whoo!
- Laurel's gone!
- I feel bad, but--
- No, you don't feel it.
male announcer: Of course,
Nicole will need some time
to heal before moving forward
with Sydney, right?
- Nope.
- Now that my ex, Laurel,
is gone,
back to square one.
But obviously, my feelings
are still with my other ex.
So I need to keep that
in the back of my head
where I have an open
relationship with Sydney.
announcer: While Nicole
and Sydney forget all about
what's-her-face,
Georgia and Callum
are starting to worry
about other exes.
- Things are going great
with me and Callum.
When Niall came to the chalet,
we got through it.
But I'm really worried about
an ex coming in, Sam Bird.
He has got so many
dodgy grounds with me
and so much scary stuff.
When I broke up with him,
I left my phone
in the kitchen on the side.
- Yeah.
- And he saw my messages
between a boy,
and he went, "Yeah, let's see
what everyone, shall we?"
And he tried to sell
the screenshots to the press.
- That's fully just a loser
move, loser move.
He's a [bleep] Muppet
'cause if the first thing
that he thinks to go
and do after a relationship is,
instead of being upset
or being angry,
I'm gonna chat to whoever,
he is going,
"Yeah, I could make a couple
grand off that." What?
- Yeah, I know.
- Loser, loser, loser.
♪ ♪
announcer:
Now that Callum and Georgia
put their worries to rest,
La Demi's going
to bed alone again.
♪ ♪
- I feel like my journey
through the chalet
and me being so guarded
and not vulnerable
has kind of secluded me
from the whole chalet.
I used to have butterflies
and the spark
between me and Marlon.
And it didn't
work out like that.
How about I tell you not
to put
all your eggs in one basket?
- You've been too much sexy
right now.
- And I see him [bleep] on her,
[bleep] girlfriend.
- You even told me in our date,
"Don't put all the eggs
in one basket."
- Okay. This is why I don't
really have a love interest.
And I'm repeating
the same patterns that I do
in the real dating world.
♪ That bite ♪
♪ I ain't got no time ♪
♪ Leave them outside ♪
♪ Where the wind is right ♪
♪ ♪
- I usually work out every
single day back home.
- You have such powerful
little hands.
Ow!
- I'm sorry. I know,
I give good massages.
I--I can't explain it.
But like, I like Niall's smell.
Not that he smells,
but, like, I just--he--
like, I like the way he smells.
I would like to see
a little bit more
of a serious side in him.
So reassure me that, like,
I can let my guard down
and let my hair down
a little bit.
- Jeez. What the--
- I'm not even putting any--
- I don't know what is
in your hands.
That ain't normal.
- A lot of upper body strength.
- I'm just happy now.
I'm with Allie.
And I'm starting to like her
more and more about here.
Like, she's proper cute,
you know?
I'm just excited to carry on
this positive vibe.
[clicking tongue]
Fingers crossed.
♪ ♪
- [snoring]
- You tired?
- Yes. I just want to sleep.
- You just need a good sleep.
Nicole and I have been,
like, super flirty,
you know what I mean?
Like, we're having
a good time together.
Like, I do believe that we are
connecting on a deeper level.
Like, sometimes it does take
a really sharp knife
to cut my layers,
but I think
she's finding a way.
- Tired.
- Just nap. Jacuzzi and nap.
- Yeah.
[siren blares]
- Whoo!
- When I hear that stupid
siren, I'm like,
"It's too much. Turn it off.
I don't want the drama."
Nicole and I are having
a great time.
Obviously,
I don't want it to be ruined.
- Oh, here we go. Here we go.
- Cool.
- Wow.
- I told you. Told you.
[cheering]
- I just want
a girl here for me.
Like I said,
I'm not desperate,
but I will take anything
with two legs at this point.
- Oh, wait. Here it is.
- Guys, guys.
♪ ♪
- Georgia!
[all exclaim]
- Oh, no!
- I don't want
an ex to come in
because I have got one ex
in particular that is--
I feel would really want
to throw shade on me.
And I don't want it to ruin
what I've got with Callum now.
- Here it comes.
♪ ♪
[cheering]
- Thank God. I've been trying
to make connections.
And I feel like
I've been taken for granted.
- I cannot decide between
you and Ryan
of who I want to date next.
- Uhh--
You know who my top three are?
You're definitely number one.
- [laughs]
- Allie thought that she was
gonna have my cuddle buddy.
Not happening.
- If I don't find love
in the chalet, I will
[bleep] lose my mind.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- After ending things
with Sydney, I'm all by myself.
So hopefully, the time
will come when someone walks
through that door
and they're right for me.
- Uh-oh, here comes Romeo.
- Oh, I see Romeo.
♪ ♪
- Welcome to the ice-cold
peak, baby.
- Oh, my God!
- Ahh!
- Tyranny, Georgia, Daniel.
Why don't we bring out
our first ex?
- Yes.
- Come on out.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Oh, oh. Who's this?
announcer:
Coming up...
- You're confused with your
life, your looks, everything.
You're a Muppet.
[bleep] off.
♪ ♪
- Why don't we bring out
our first ex?
- Yes.
- Come on out.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Oh, my God!
It could be me, finally.
♪ ♪
[hip-hop music]
- ♪ We've been rising ♪
♪ We've been grinding
on the low ♪
♪ Here we come ♪
- Who's that? Who's that?
- Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
- ♪ Watch competition get
burned down ♪
♪ Recognize real
when you see us ♪
- My name is Sam Bird,
AKA the Bird.
[bird screeching]
I'm 26. I'm from London, U.K.
I'm a pretty good DJ.
I get on the decks.
I give them the tunes.
But most people recognize me
from "Love Island U.K."
And I'm here to bump
into my ex Georgia Steel.
- The boy I want to couple up
with is Sam.
♪ ♪
- Me and Georgia were together
and living together
for three months.
But me and Georgia broke up
because I found texts
on her phone,
I found a selfie
of ex-boyfriend.
I found out she's been there
in the middle of night.
And it was at 4:00
in the morning.
I don't think
she went 'round there to play
"Snakes and Ladders."
Georgia's magic word
is the L word, which is loyal.
But I think if you have to say
that you're loyal
a thousand times,
you're probably
not that loyal.
It's not like a magic mirror,
you say it three times
in the mirror
and then the magic loyal fairy
comes in
and wishes a spell on you.
It doesn't work like that.
She's mad that I sold a story
about the relationship
and what happened.
However,
two weeks before the breakup,
she sold a story
that we were happily in love.
I have never had that bag luck
with exes.
So I'm here to see Georgia
because if Georgia said sorry,
I see a future in the fact
that we could be friends.
But if she's gonna act
like a child,
there's gonna be trouble.
- Oh, my God.
- Who do you recognize
over there?
- Little Georgia in the corner.
- Georgia, so this is your ex?
- My heart is beating
so quick right now.
- Sam is cute.
I mean, I'll shoot my shot.
- Sam, tell me,
why are you here?
- I think I would love,
like, a proper apology.
- You sold me out. Like, I got
no respect for that.
You sold a story to the press
on me saying that I cheated.
And I'm sorry, like,
a relationship should
happen behind closed doors.
- Whatever you been telling
everyone about selling stories,
it's not quite true.
- [sighs]
- Well, look,
it sounds like you guys
got a lot to figure out.
- I just want to go back
to the chalet.
- So, Sam, you go take a seat
over there with Georgia.
- I don't know why he's here.
announcer:
He's here because
it's "Ex on the Beach,"
or I mean, uh, "Peak of Love."
- Sam and Georgia,
I'ma give y'all
some one-on-one time
to catch up in the hot tub.
- And, Tyranny and Daniel,
y'all can head back
and let everybody know tonight
is another Fire Ceremony.
So somebody's winning
a hot date.
I'll see y'all later.
announcer: While Georgia
stays behind to
have a one-on-one with Sam,
let's see how Callum's
handling himself
knowing Georgia may come back
with an ex,
in a segment we call...
- I know that, for a fact,
no matter
who comes in the door,
it's not gonna change
what me and Georgia have.
- Wow! I'm pissed off.
- I feel [bleep] vulnerable!
I need to get rid of
this little bump,
this little fat roll
at the bottom
I'm gonna carve it out
or something.
- Is that a bulletproof vest?
- Yeah!
- Yeah, let's go!
One, two, three.
- Why am I dressed like this?
- I'm absolutely nervous.
- I'm actually all right.
- Same.
- You're all right?
- No.
♪ ♪
announcer: At least he
doesn't know
Georgia is getting
in the hot tub with her ex.
- ♪ Ready for a change ♪
- Okay.
I don't really know
what to say to you.
There was so much drama
with the whole breakup
and everything.
- I think when it happened,
like, I was angry.
And then I obviously
acted on emotion.
- Yeah.
- I maybe did some stuff
that I wouldn't have normally
done if I wasn't angry.
- So the whole thing that
went out in the press
with the whole cheating
and Georgia being low,
I'm not gonna lie,
that was headlines.
Like, that was awful for me.
I've grown so much
as a person in the last year.
And I've realized
I came off a show where I felt
I really had to be with him,
and I tried to make it work.
But you can't help
how you feel.
All I want now is to have
a really stable relationship
and I maybe learned from
the mistakes I made with you.
I'm not gonna lie.
It's very, very real.
It's a very,
very genuine thing.
- So who's the--yeah,
the new mystery man?
- Callum from
"Ibiza Weekender."
- I know who he is.
I've met him before.
And I remember him from a show
where he's deemed
a bit of a player
and a bit of a cheater
and a massive dickhead.
- He's, like, stood up in front
of the table
and said to everyone
in the room,
"I love Georgia Steel."
- I love Georgia Steel.
Peace out.
- Ahh!
- Loves--loves Georgia Steel?
He loves you?
Are you sure of that?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
You feel like in the two weeks
you've met and known him,
you've changed him
from a player
to in a committed relationship?
- I think--I think--
- I'm asking you
that question now.
Don't be so stupid.
- He really gets in my head.
And it's been two weeks.
Is he doing that from
a good intention for me
or is he doing that because
he don't want me to happy?
Now I'm thinking like,
"You've knocked me now."
I'm not gonna lie.
Now I'm getting doubts.
- The fact that Georgia
is second guessing
the situation
is kind of a bit funny.
I feel like
I've already caused
a little bit
of trouble for her.
Why can't I have
a little bit of fun?
I was cheated on.
♪ ♪
- We're back!
[cheering]
- She's coming up with Sam.
- Why?
The way Georgia spoke
about Sam in the past, like,
he doesn't sound
like a nice guy.
Sam monetized and made money
out of their relationship
and sold negative things
about her in the press.
He's a bitch.
- It was crazy.
- Yo!
- Yo, yo.
- Where's Cal?
- Oh, no.
- Hi.
- Oh, there he is.
Sam--he's really got
into my head.
I really want to speak
to Callum one-on-one
later all alone.
Hi. So this is Sam.
- Callum looks like he's about
to explode. Like, pissed.
And not the drunk kind,
British people.
- I personally feel like
I'm just gonna let you know
that, from a man-to-man
perspective,
like, you tried to get
a couple of bills
to go to somebody
and get clout.
And the fact that you took
screenshots on her phone,
sent them to yourself,
and went to the press,
that's a bitch move, bro.
- Where have you got
this information from?
- Bro, how did they get
the texts in the press?
- Oh, my God.
- I'm not trying to argue.
How did they get the texts?
'Cause they came from you.
- Literally, Georgia has two
exes in the house and a man.
And they're three
totally different humans.
Based off of looks alone,
Callum would be my choice.
But based off of vibes, Sam.
And Niall is just
the dirty little brother.
- That wasn't--
- Oh.
- That's not what this is.
- Some scammers
got your phone then?
- This is complete bull[bleep].
She cheated on me.
Someone asked me,
I said what happened.
Done. Not a reason
for everyone to hate me.
You don't really know
the full thing.
- Don't care. Boom.
That's it.
- Georgia looks distraught,
but I'm sorry to say, sister,
"Your ex is kinda hot."
- Welcome home, baby.
- I haven't brought that.
- Welcome home, Georgia.
- Muah.
- [laughs]
♪ ♪
- Callum, he's like
a cheese melt.
Like, he's nothing.
He's, like--he's soft.
It's like, whatever.
I know Georgia,
I know, you know,
what she reacts to.
And I'm a very smooth talker.
So I think she's gonna
quickly realize
that he's a piece of [bleep].
♪ ♪
- If I was you,
I would not wanna hook up
with anyone in this house.
- No, I don't--I don't know.
I mean, except for me,
obviously.
- Obviously.
- You have great taste.
Oh, my taste is like--
[siren blares]
- Here's our man.
♪ ♪
- What's up?
What's up, everybody?
[exchanging greetings]
It's Fire Week, baby.
[all cheering]
- Come on, now.
One of y'all are gonna win
a hot date.
Now y'all are here to find out
if your ex is getting
in the way of your next
or if your ex is your next.
Now, the winner
of the Fire Ceremony
will take the person
of their choice
on a romantic date
to try to find their next.
- I'm gonna vote for Niall
because I need to get the hell
out of this house.
And I would love
to go on a date with him.
- And once again,
you have the Fireplace.
This is a room outside of
the house
where the winner
of the Fire vote--
you could spend a little alone
time with a next or an ex.
[cheering]
Y'all ready for that?
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- I'm choosing Nicole because
she just really deserves it.
Her and Sydney
are cracking on very well.
And I just want her
to be happy.
♪ ♪
- Tonight, my vote
is for Niall.
Hopefully, Niall takes
this opportunity to ask
Allie out on a date.
♪ ♪
- Are y'all ready to see
who won this hot date?
all: Yes!
- I said are y'all ready!?
- Oh!
And the--oh!
- Let's see.
- Oh, no.
That photo's chubby.
♪ ♪
[all exclaim]
- Shock!
- Niall is our lucky winner.
- Keep on telling me,
already getting they [bleep].
- Well, look, Niall.
- Yeah.
- Any idea of who you want
to take on this hot date?
- After a long and hard
deliberation--
[laughter]
I'll give it to Allie.
- Allie is going on a date.
[cheering]
- Congratulations.
- Allie can [bleep] have him.
His first option just didn't
want him no more, me.
And his second option did,
and it was she.
- Goodnight, everybody.
Have a good night. Stay warm.
- Romeo, thank you!
- See you on the peak.
- Bye, baby.
[laughter]
- So you are posting
your ex's [bleep].
- Hope no exes turn up
on your date.
- You know what?
I hope one of our
exes turn up on your date.
- No. Georgia!
announcer: While Niall is
fired up for his hot date
with Allie, not everyone's
feeling the love,
especially La Demi,
who's still
nextless,
despite her best efforts.
- How are you doing?
- It's becoming a bit lonely.
But I'm here for myself.
I'm journeying. I want love.
I want to build something
with someone.
I need exes. Hello!
- I want to speak to you.
- You want to speak to me?
- Yeah.
- Come on. Okay.
- You know, Demi is
one of my best,
best friends in the house.
People are starting
to make connections,
and she's not found
anybody yet.
She must feel pretty
vulnerable right now.
I just don't even know if it is
something that it's my place--
- Just say it.
- I kind of know
about her transition.
And she's not spoken
to me about it.
And I just wanted
to let her know
that you can always
confide in me.
You are the first person that
I ever met that has literally--
I think you're everything.
- So you know?
- Yeah. Yeah.
I just think
it's absolutely just fantastic.
And...
like, I just want
to let you know
'cause it--it's down to you,
but, like,
you know, I think you're
[bleep] amazing no matter what.
♪ ♪
I just think that Demi's
thought that a straight man
could not accept her
for herself.
I'm not those guys,
and I represent
a big, big,
big demographic of people
that would accept
someone like Demi.
You know, I'm literally here
rocking La Demi's necklace.
Like, this is how strongly
I feel about this, you know?
I can't imagine
what you may have been through.
But that I just--you know,
I love you to pieces no matter
what the situation is.
Like, I just think you're an
amazing person no matter what.
I just wanted to let you know
that,
you know, you could tell me
about anything and, you know--
- ♪ Don't let
anybody tell you ♪
♪ That you're gonna have to ♪
- Uh--
- ♪ Do this alone ♪
- [sighs]
You accept me for being me,
like, you know all about me?
- I know all about you.
- Thank you.
- And I love you to bits.
- Don't ever change.
We need more people
like you in the world.
♪ ♪
Callum, you're such
an amazing person.
I think you pull up
just a big persona,
and you play up
such a cocky vibe
and like a bro and whatever,
but you're more than that.
- I love Demi to bits.
And it's my duty now
to protect her.
That's the way I see it.
- It's well deserved.
- I know.
- I love you.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
announcer: As everyone
heads to bed,
Georgia is finally ready
to talk to Callum
about what went down
at the peak with her ex, Sam.
- I said there's someone that
I've met in the chalet, Callum
from "Ibiza Weekender."
And he went,
"Are you that stupid, Georgia?"
- No!
- It definitely scares me
because I feel very,
very vulnerable
and I've been hurt
so much in the past.
I just don't want it
to happen again.
I've been through enough.
[sobs] He's really getting
in my head in that.
- Listen, it does not
really matter what he says
at all because, you know--
- And he was just like,
"Are you that stupid, Georgia,
to fall for someone
saying [bleep] to you?"
Like, getting in my head,
Callum.
- Sam is the most
manipulative prick
I've ever met
in my entire life.
[bleep] this boy.
Not a man, a boy. A sociopath.
And I'm gonna make him
feel this big.
Just like the way
he made Georgia feel.
- As long as we know
what we know. That's it.
I don't really give a [bleep].
Hmm?
- When I go towards Callum,
I feel safe, I feel happy,
I feel protected, I feel like
this is my happy space.
I've never felt like that
with anyone in my life.
- Hello.
- Hi.
No joke,
I'm about to flip my [bleep].
He's about to get a grilling.
Like, I'm gonna ruin him.
Sorry, Sam.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ You fought
against the gods ♪
announcer: Welcome back.
As the chalet gets ready
for another day
in frozen ass paradise,
Allie is getting ready
for her hot date with Niall.
- You ready?
- You look nice.
- As do you.
- You're like a sexy
little hobbit.
- That's your fantasy?
- Yeah, I love it.
Are you ready?
- Good. Yes.
I came here looking, you know,
for someone and never
in my wildest dreams
did I expect someone
that's exactly my type--
tall, dark, handsome, funny,
with an accent.
My luck is turning around.
♪ ♪
♪ La da da da ♪
♪ La da da
la da da ♪
♪ La da da da da ♪
♪ Baby,
we can fly away today ♪
♪ We can fight that fight ♪
♪ We can kiss the sky ♪
♪ Oh, my ♪
- These are the most
attractive horses
I have ever seen
in my entire life.
- Do I look like I ride horses?
When I found out that my date
is gonna be horse riding,
I did it once
when I was a child,
and I just remember
it really hurt my sack.
Infertility isn't something
I'm looking to get from today.
- Good boy.
- Good boy. Who's a good boy?
Who's a--I'm glad these horses
came with instructions.
♪ ♪
This is mad.
- It's crazy.
- I do this all the time,
you know?
- Yeah, you look like
a natural, yeah.
- Yeah, I've really good
a sexy cowboy vibe going on.
- Yeah, I know. Let's go.
- What do you mean let's go?
- Let's go faster.
- No, we can't go faster.
- Yeah, yeah.
- I'm at a nice
controlled pace.
- This is hard.
Like, I'm trying so hard
to focus on my horse.
But then at the same time,
like,
I'm looking at the scenery
and I'm looking at Niall,
and I'm like pinching myself.
I just feel like I'm in
a little bit
of a cold fairy-tale.
[laughs]
Catch up.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Ooh!
- Oh, look at that.
Are you ready?
- Sydney knows how to make me
feel good.
And, like, the thing with
Sydney that I can't blame her
is that she always looks
to make someone else happy.
I'm thinking
this is wife material.
I'm thinking like this
is something
I could do every single night.
This is something
I definitely want, you know?
- Oh, come on. Get it in.
Yes.
That's the girl I wanna--
That's exactly how you are.
- Yeah, be you.
- And please--
It's so much better that way.
- Mm.
That's what
I like about you.
- What, that I'm weird?
- You're weird.
You're just easy to talk to.
You're easy to get along with.
You like the same [bleep]
that I like.
- We're just, like,
into the same stuff, you know?
- I know,
it just--it flows good.
- She's cool. Like, she's fit.
She's funny.
Like, apparently,
she's not all just, like--
like, confident and like
badass girl over there.
She does have a little bit of
sensitivity in there as well.
It makes me more drawn to her.
It makes me
more attracted to her.
I do feel more comfortable
and closer to her now.
- What do you like about me?
- I like that you're funny.
I like how you're
very confident.
I like that you're not cocky.
[bell dings]
announcer: Not cocky?
- My sex game is better
than the guys.
I would love
to hook up with me.
My mother and father have
created a perfect specimen.
And that's just the way
it came out.
announcer: Sure, Sydney.
Whatever you say.
- Regardless of what happens
with us, like,
I definitely want to go home,
meet you,
and say,
"Hey, let's go out."
- Yeah, come to [bleep].
- "Let's go to dinner."
Give me a kiss.
I'm a little bit worried
just because
if my ex Ashley does come,
it's--it's gonna change the
dynamic of course, you know?
♪ ♪
- Yeah. Cheers.
- Thank you.
- It's all right. Cheers to us.
Cheers to the horses.
Cheers to New Zealand.
- [laughs] You're definitely
the funniest one on the horse.
You were making
that face like--
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
I really got into it.
- That's your horse
riding face?
- Yeah. It's also my sex face.
- It's hard to have
self-control around you.
- Oh, is it?
- And I'm scared
if we actually,
like have, a real bed...
- Yeah.
- And privacy,
and your personality, like--
- Yeah. Things--
- I'm gonna have to, like,
sew my thing up.
- Ugh.
- You'll still find a way.
- No, not that.
I mean, like my pajamas,
like sew them up.
- Oh!
I thought you were on
about, you know?
- No!
[horse neighs]
He makes me nervous.
Like, he makes me giddy.
Like, I don't even know
what to say around him.
Like, I can't even speak
because I like him.
I can't let him know
that too much.
I'm looking for a relationship.
Like, I've never been
the type to date around
kind of thing.
- Yeah.
- I like to date one person.
I don't, like,
date multiple people.
- So I've been single for,
like, four years.
- Damn.
- But now, like,
I'm looking
for someone like--
- Like serious?
- Yeah, like,
boyfriend-girlfriend.
The more I'm getting to know
Allie, I genuinely
am starting to see
more of a future actually.
I feel like I'm trying
to become a mature person now
and I'm trying to show Allie
I can change,
be that mature guy
that can settle down with
and impregnate her.
Cheers to a great date.
- Cheers. Thank you very much.
- Great.
- ♪ I want you to care ♪
♪ Come light my fire ♪
♪ I want you to care ♪
♪ Light my fire ♪
♪ Ohh ♪
- Just come over here,
listen to me for a second.
Okay, so tonight, guess
who your host is for the party?
It's me!
[cheering]
- So theme is
Lumberjack and Jill.
[cheering]
♪ ♪
- Is it Bambi?
Don't shoot my mom.
- So I'm throwing a Lumberjack
and Jill party
because I'm from Michigan.
You know, I'm from that neck
of the woods
where we chop down trees
to warm our homes.
You know,
a little bit of warmth
in the chalet
could be useful tonight.
- Yes! I love it!
I [bleep] love it.
- Ryan's throwing a big bash.
It's a lumberjack style.
We're gonna kick it.
- And I might shag tonight. Me!
Yeah!
- Yeah, not me.
- Yeah, not him.
♪ ♪
[laughs]
- ♪ Here we go ♪
[cheering]
♪ Feeling fly
and very confident ♪
♪ Kiss the sky
my joy's exuberant ♪
- Yay!
♪ I been waiting ♪
♪ My whole life for this ♪
- I want no more drama.
I wanna party. I wanna riot
and [bleep] [bleep] up.
- ♪ Here we go
it's solid gold ♪
♪ Hashtag
I should post it ♪
- I have made mistakes
in my past,
but I'm feeling good,
me and Georgia, you know,
cleared the air
a little bit.
And now I'm here
to find the best connection.
announcer: This party
could legit be an ad
for some sexy ass
Brawny paper towels.
It's perfect because things
have a tendency
of getting messy around here.
- This is probably
the best party
the chalet has ever thrown.
announcer: Well, let's see.
Coming up...
- I'm very confused on
what you're talking about.
- You're a [bleep] idiot, bruv.
I mean, he's fake. He's a
bull[bleep]. He's a fraud.
- [bleep]
- Bye-bye, son.
See you later, you [bleep].
announcer: Welcome back.
The Lumberjack and Jill party
is in full swing.
[upbeat music]
- Yes, bitch!
- [screams]
♪ ♪
announcer: And La Demi may
have found her Paul Bunyan.
- You're like me.
I'm a big jokester,
like silly, like stupid.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- I mean, I know
you can see that, right?
- Oh, 100%, yeah. I like that.
I like that.
- Yeah.
- On who?
- You.
The boy that I have
a little crush on is Sam.
It's not the best crush
because, obviously,
he came in a shaky situation.
Georgia and him and this
and that and cheating,
whatever, whatever.
But I want to get
to know him still. He's hot.
- You know,
when I first met you,
I thought you were
a right bitch, actually.
I was like, "Who's this bitch?"
- "Who's this bitch?
Who does she [bleep]
think she is?"
- Yeah.
- Why does Callum
keep turning around
and looking at us?
- When I look at Sam,
I just want him out.
And, you know,
I can see him and Demi
trying to make a connection.
And it's starting
to rattle me up a bit.
- Everyone's
starting to like me,
which they don't want to
because they want to stick
up for Callum.
And it's not working.
And I think
that's the reason
he's getting so angry.
The Bird is back on top again.
- I can't just
take sides, you know?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- It's just a really bad
awkward situation for me.
- What is?
- This.
- But, like,
we do get on, actually.
- Like, I want to get to know
Sam for Sam.
And I'm getting really tired of
judging people as they come in
just because
of previous relationship dents.
- Can I have a sip
of that, please?
- Take a chug.
So I'm going to be
cute and flirty.
And I'm like a whole ass
[bleep] woman.
Like, I need someone
that's like--
- Whore ass?
- Yeah. Whore ass?
- You said,
"I'm a whore ass woman."
- Whole ass.
- [laughs]
- I feel like me and Demi
tried some things out
and it hasn't
really been working.
But, you know, obviously,
there's some potential there.
But I don't know
the story with Sam and Demi.
So we'll see how it plays out.
♪ ♪
- Oh, I feel--
- What, bloated?
- I feel so fat.
- I'm just like--
- I feel pregnant.
- Maybe you are.
- I'll be honest.
I feel like you
could put a girl,
if she went up to Daniel
and went,
"Listen, I want to [bleep]
you so bad,"
he'd still find a way to
[bleep] it up.
- I could be pregnant
with my own child.
- Yeah.
- I'm--I'm like an insect.
I am single in the house.
I am not in any type
of relationship.
I'm looking for a drink,
okay?
- He has no game.
Like, I don't know how
he's got casted for
"The Bachelor" about 27 times.
Yeah, Daniel just needs to up
the game, up the charisma.
You know, half a bit of
banter is just a bit robotic.
♪ ♪
- So I'm supposed
to drop my life,
just keep cutting people out
because my friends
are telling me.
- This guy, he's a [bleep].
Clearly, you're the only person
that's not seen it--
- Just because I have interest
doesn't mean
I'm trying to go with him.
- He's giving you interest
because he's
a [bleep] manipulator.
- I totally get where Callum
is coming from.
Like, I'd be protective
if somebody's ex did the girl
that I'm in love
with, like, dirty or whatever.
But like, he needs to chill and
let us form our own opinions.
Like, I shouldn't
be uncomfortable
because you're uncomfortable.
Like, deal with that.
- What if--what if this guy
did change?
What if he did have
a crush on me?
♪ ♪
- Come on. Come with me now.
Sam is making out to Demi
like he likes her
because he acknowledges that
Demi is a big girl in the house
and she's got quite
a big crew behind her.
He's a fake. He's a fraud.
I don't like him.
And I'm about
to flip my [bleep]
because he's making
one of my best friends
in the house fall for
his [bleep].
Listen to me. What you're gonna
go and do right this second,
you're gonna walk up
to that girl--
- What do you mean?
- You're going to
walk that girl.
- Who? Who? Who?
- You're gonna walk to Demi
upstairs right now.
- Callum has got
a weird problem with me.
I just don't get it.
Like, why does he care
about me cracking
up with the girls?
- You're gonna go upstairs
right this second.
You're gonna tell her
you're a [bleep] lying bastard.
- No, explain this. Explain.
- Explain?
- Callum, Callum--
- No.
- You're gonna go
upstairs right this second.
- No, explain this. Explain.
- Explain?
- Callum, Callum--
- No.
- Well, what are
you talking about?
- So go and tell her--
- What did I say?
- She's falling
for your [bleep].
- What did I say?
- She's falling for it.
You're a manipulative
little prick.
- There's a lot of relationship
drama happening
in the chalet right now.
And the only thing that
I can think of is the fact
that I really could not care
less about any of this.
I'm here for me.
I'm a one-man wolf pack.
I'm very excited
to go to the Fireplace
and get some quality time
with Allie.
- I'll be a gentleman again.
- Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
- In the words
of Kendrick Lamar,
"Bitch, don't kill my vibe."
- Everyone stop talking.
- Let him talk. Let him talk.
- Stop talking.
- Let him talk.
- You're gonna tell that girl
that you're bull[bleep]
upstairs that she's actually
starting to believe
your [bleep].
- I'm very confused
what you're talking about.
- You're a [bleep] idiot, bruv.
- I know what type of guy
Sam is.
Demi might get hurt.
She's pursuing Sam thinking
he's a nice guy,
when I know what he's like.
- He's a fake. He's a
bull[bleep]. He's a fraud.
[bleep] off.
Bye-bye, tomorrow.
- I'm really--
- See you later, you [bleep].
- I barely had one little
minute of a conversation,
everyone jumped the gun.
- Yeah.
- Okay, I get it.
They might care for me a lot.
- 100% 'cause you've been here
from the start.
- Yes, I barely told you
I had a little crush.
- And yeah, and you got
a little crush on me.
- And this got blown out
of stupid proportion.
- And you told me you had
a crush on like
Ryan before and Niall.
- I'm in a [bleep] situation
because he hurt Georgia,
Georgia is my homegirl.
But I cannot keep taking sides
because you guys
feel uncomfortable.
No. It's about me.
This is not the [bleep] Georgia
and [bleep] Callum show.
This has gone way
out of control.
- No. Listen to me.
- No, let her talk.
Let her talk.
- Go away.
- Callum.
- I don't think you know
the situation.
- Bro, I don't want
to hear your story.
[bleep] off.
- It's my story.
- Let her [bleep] talk.
- Callum, let our sister talk.
- Demi has a crush on Sam.
So it's like, leave her alone
and, like, let it happen, bro.
- I'm just trying
to hear the story.
And, like, feel it out
for myself.
- I've haven't even made
friends, let alone any [bleep].
- You're not gonna
make anything-- [bleep] off.
You're embarrassing.
- I think you're so--
you're confused
about what's happening.
- Who's confused?
- You.
- Callum.
- I'm confused?
- Yes.
- You're confused with
your [bleep] best days,
your life, your looks.
Everything. You're a Muppet.
[bleep] off.
- The fact that Callum
is so aggressive
is like a defense mechanism.
I think he's just a bit, like,
trying to act like
he's not bothered
and trying to be protective
when just,
I think it comes across
like he's being a prick.
♪ ♪
- You are not the one
in the wrong, okay?
I've been through this [bleep].
- You don't get it, Georgia.
- Listen to me.
I've been through this [bleep].
- I don't care.
- I know that man.
- You guys had--
- I [bleep] know that man.
- Okay.
- He's a manipulator.
- We did nothing but have
a genuine conversation.
- Like, I'm trying to be nice.
I'm trying to be civil.
But when someone's hurt you
like that,
you just--you go on.
La Demi,
he's manipulating you.
I just wish he wasn't here.
- Let me talk for a second
and be, like, honest
in the girls' locker room.
Listen, I feel like girls
like us, it's hard.
- I get that.
- So when somebody shows--
- Please don't go away.
- Georgia, you were
a born gorgeous.
Girls like us can't [bleep]
have that like you, sis.
You're a [bleep] hopscotch gig.
We're a [bleep] tether ball.
Like, we can't [bleep]
get it like you.
So let her get her gigs
and stop being
a [bleep] [bleep]block.
- I know it's hard,
but you've gotta listen to me.
- You don't know what it's like
just to fight with someone.
- You should've--
- Listen to me,
when they show interest,
you want to be like,
"What the [bleep]?" It's hard.
- Of course.
- You guys don't even know
where it comes from
to be someone in my shoes...
to feel something,
to have a vibe with a guy.
And then for someone like me
to step up to the [bleep] plate
and say, "I have a crush" to
his face,
knowing my situation...
you don't know what
it feels like in my shoes.
♪ ♪
announcer: Welcome back.
It's been a rough night
in the chalet.
And Georgia is having
a fit over La Demi
trying to get to know
her ex, Sam.
- Georgia, like, stop now.
I just want pizza and [bleep].
I don't want any more drama.
Y'all need to chill, bro.
announcer: While Georgia
takes a chill pill,
Niall and Allie are ready
to take things
to the next level
in the Fireplace.
- Oh, it's super cute, though.
- I don't know.
I'm not good with keys,
you know?
- You're not with them--
- Yeah, I did--
[laughs] Wait. Ouch.
How do you open it?
- Oh. Oh, God!
- I have never in my life
had to wait this long
to shag a girl, never.
I'm ready for a woman!
Yeah?
Not a girl, a woman to really
settle me down, dominate me,
and put me in my [bleep] place.
♪ ♪
- I have a hard time seeing
how this is gonna progress
towards anything
after this house.
- What? What?
- You're younger than me.
- By three years, Jesus Christ!
- Yeah, but you're not ready
to settle down.
- Yes, I am.
- I'm ready to like--
- So am I!
You're just being stupid.
I'm ready to settle down.
I'm mature.
I drink [bleep] wine.
I eat cheese.
I like [bleep]
the kind of [bleep] now.
I want to have
a kid called Tyreke.
Like, [bleep] me. I'm mature!
Me and Allie, I thought,
were gonna have
a great time at the Fireplace.
I thought, you know,
we got all the serious
conversations out of the way.
But she's back at it again
like a crack addict.
She's literally
all over the seriousness.
I just want to have fun now--
- Yeah.
- Mmm? Hmm?
- Niall is
too immature for me.
I don't know what to do.
Like, I really don't.
- [bleep] me.
[door slams]
You [bleep].
Slammed the [bleep] door.
♪ ♪
- ♪ I just wanna be
left alone ♪
♪ Can't you see I'm trying to
find my way home ♪
- You're a good host.
You're a good host.
- Thank you so much.
- I think that the party
was really good,
it had potential to be amazing.
However, it just needed
one less person.
The reality is, like,
you know,
you've done things to make this
[bleep] lady--
- So dramatic. Oh, [bleep].
- You say to me
'cause I don't--
- I'm not saying it to you,
but, like, my home girl
right here.
- But the reality is,
like, you've [bleep]
done things to make people
think you're an okay lad.
- Callum is doing his best
to paint the worst picture
of Sam possible.
Like, he's up here trying to
[bleep] paint a Picasso.
And it's like, Callum, let
this man show his true colors.
If he is who you say he is,
he will show that he is that.
- How do you--do you know him?
- Uh, yes.
I watched him yesterday.
- Give a [bleep]
human a chance.
Whatever he did, like,
that doesn't matter.
- I don't care!
- No!
I can yell--than [bleep] you!
We all have our own
[bleep] minds.
I'm letting you know.
We all have our own
[bleep] mind.
Don't [bleep] tell me
what I feel.
Callum doesn't really know
what the hell
he's talking about.
We're all like,
"Shut the [bleep] up."
We are not vibing
what you're saying.
- Okay, listen.
- I'm sorry, girl.
Nope, it's not what it is.
- [bleep] off.
announcer: Uh, you're
gonna have to pay for that,
Callum.
announcer: Next time
on "Ex on the Beach:
Peak of Love"...
- Welcome to the peak.
It's Ice Week, baby.
- [screaming]
- I'm not gonna lie,
I'm [bleep] walking.
- You're not [bleep] walking.
- Oh, but--
- Come on, babe.
- What's going on right now?
- Oh. Ohh!
- No.
- [voice disguised]
Did you expect me?
- No!
- Oh, my God!
♪ ♪